docs: lightclient dev guide overview section (#2901)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/ibc/light-clients/overview.md

<!--
order: 1
-->

# Overview 

> Learn how to build IBC lightclient modules and fulfill the interfaces required to integrate with core IBC. {synopsis}

Reviewer: light client instead of lightclient?

> 

Reviewer: Even though later on we assume that the reader has prior knowledge, I think it's best practice to concisely summarize what a light client does and what the context is it operates in (trust-minimized interoperability so we need light clients to track the consensus of a counterparty chain)

> The following aims to provide a high level IBC lightclient module developer guide. The lifecycle of IBC lightclients are created and maintained by the core IBC `MsgServer` and the abstractions provided by the `02-client` submodule. A lightclient module developer is only required to implement the methods and fulfil the expectations of a defined set of interfaces. In ibc-go these interfaces reside within the `core/modules/exported` package. 

Reviewer 2: I'm a bit confused by the terminology "The lifecycle of IBC light clients". To me, "lifecycle" implies a beginning and end (packets have a clear beginning and end), but light clients aren't meant to have an end. Is there different wording we could use?

Author: Yeah good point. I'll use your suggestion in the other comment! 👍

> The following aims to provide a high level IBC lightclient module developer guide. The lifecycle of IBC lightclients are created and maintained by the core IBC `MsgServer` and the abstractions provided by the `02-client` submodule. A lightclient module developer is only required to implement the methods and fulfil the expectations of a defined set of interfaces. In ibc-go these interfaces reside within the `core/modules/exported` package. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe something like this instead?
```suggestion
The following aims to provide a high level IBC light client module developer guide. Access to IBC light clients are gated by the core IBC `MsgServer` which utilizes the abstractions set by the `02-client` submodule to call into a light client module. A light client module developer is only required to implement the `ClientState` and `ConsensusState` interfaces as defined in the `core/modules/exported` package. 
```
Should probably also link to the interfaces

Author: Thanks, I will use this and adapt it slightly. I guess this part is actually incorrect:
> A light client module developer is only required to implement the `ClientState` and `ConsensusState` interfaces as defined in the `core/modules/exported` package. 

`ClientMessage` also needs to be implemented for updates and misbehaviour

Throughout this guide the `07-tendermint` lightclient module may be referred to as a reference example.

## Concepts and vocabulary

> This guide serves to be implementation specific with respect to ibc-go. Readers are expected to familiarize themselves with the IBC protocol specifications.

Reviewer 2: This guide is meant to be specific to ibc-go. It is not an intro to IBC light clients. It is a "how to develop light clients with ibc-go". I agree asking the reader to familiarize themselves with the spec isn't particularly useful, I'd rather link to an IBC overview explainer 

In general, ibc-go should only host documentation specific to interacting with ibc-go. The reasoning here is that ibc-go will not be the only IBC implementation, while it is at the moment, it'd be redundant if every IBC implementation hosted documentation explaining IBC concepts. 

There should be a place with:
- general easy to understand IBC concepts
- specs (cosmos/ibc)
- implementation specific documentation (ibc-go for example)

Please refer to the defintions outlined in [ICS-002 Client Semantics](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc/tree/main/spec/core/ics-002-client-semantics#Definitions).

### ClientState 

> ClientState is a term used to define the data structure which encapsulates opaque lightclient state. This refers to internal data that accommodate the semantics of a lightclient. This may be any arbitrary data such as:

Reviewer 2: > This refers to internal data that accommodate the semantics of a lightclient.

I find this phrasing a bit broad. What do you mean by "internal data that accommodate the semantics"?

Author: Yeah, I made this intentionally broad as it seemed pretty broad from the spec. But what I was referring to is the fields on the type which make up the constraints/rules listed below:

```
- Constraints used for client updates.
- Constraints used for misbehaviour detection.
- Constraints used for state verification.
- Constraints used for client upgrades.
```

Happy to change or add more info if you have any suggestions. I can try to think of how to rephrase it also.

Author: Awesome, thanks for the suggestion. I've gone with the following for now, we can always revisit this when we get some user feedback.

> ClientState is a term used to define the data structure which encapsulates opaque light client state. The `ClientState` contains all the information needed to verify a `ClientMessage` and perform membership and non-membership proof verification of counterparty state. This includes properties that refer to the remote state machine, the light client type and the specific light client instance.

- Constraints used for client updates.
- Constraints used for misbehaviour detection.
- Constraints used for state verification.
- Constraints used for client upgrades.

> 

Reviewer: Does it make sense here to mention that some properties are customizable, and others are fixed during the client lifecycle?

Author: After taking a browse through some of the other existing docs I've noticed fields for tendermint client upgrades are documented [here](https://ibc.cosmos.network/main/ibc/upgrades/quick-guide.html#ibc-client-breaking-upgrades). I think we can focus in on mutability of client state fields in the dedicated client upgrades page (upgrades.md) and link to the existing upgrade docs for tm clients there also

> The `ClientState` type maintained within the lightclient module *must* implement the `ClientState` interface defined in `core/modules/exported/client.go`.

Reviewer 2: we should add links to the client interface

IBC uses light clients in order to provide trust-minimized interoperability between sovereign blockchains. Light clients operate under a strict set of rules which provide security guarantees for state updates and facilitate the ability to verify the state of a remote blockchain using merkle proofs.

The following aims to provide a high level IBC light client module developer guide. Access to IBC light clients are gated by the core IBC `MsgServer` which utilizes the abstractions set by the `02-client` submodule to call into a light client module. A light client module developer is only required to implement a set interfaces as defined in the `core/modules/exported` package of ibc-go. 

A light client module developer should be concerned with three main interfaces:

- [`ClientState`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/main/modules/core/exported/client.go#L36) encapsulates the light client implementation and its semantics.
- [`ConsensusState`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/main/modules/core/exported/client.go#L134) tracks consensus data used for verification of client updates, misbehaviour detection and proof verification of counterparty state.

> - [`ClientMessage`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/main/modules/core/exported/client.go#L148) used for submitting block headers for client updates and submission of misbehaviour evidence using conflicting headers. 

Reviewer 2: The links should link to our docs in the light clients guide, also would avoid links to main
